NOTICE.md, before:

# License

All the files are distributed under Apache-2.0 license except for the following.

## src/line_editor.cpp

This file is distributed under BSD-2-Clause license.
This is derived from [linenoise](https://github.com/antirez/linenoise)

```
Copyright (C) 2022-2025 Nagisa Sekiguchi <s dot nagisa dot xyz at gmail dot com>
Copyright (c) 2010-2014, Salvatore Sanfilippo <antirez at gmail dot com>
Copyright (c) 2010-2013, Pieter Noordhuis <pcnoordhuis at gmail dot com>

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

 *  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 *  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

## external/rapidhash/rapidhash.h

This file is distributed under the BSD 2-Clause License (https://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php).
This is copied from [Nicoshev/rapidhash](https://github.com/Nicoshev/rapidhash)

### external/dragonbox/simple_dragonbox.h

This file is distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 with LLVM
Exceptions (https://llvm.org/LICENSE.txt).
This is copied from [jk-jeon/dragonbox](https://github.com/jk-jeon/dragonbox)

## cmake/modules/DownloadProject.cmake, cmake/modules/DownloadProject.CMakeLists.cmake.in

These files are distributed under MIT License.
These are copied from [DownloadProject](https://github.com/Crascit/DownloadProject)

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Crascit

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

module archive maintains content hash

NOTICE.md, after:

# License

All the files are distributed under Apache-2.0 license except for the following.

## src/line_editor.cpp

This file is distributed under BSD-2-Clause license.
This is derived from [linenoise](https://github.com/antirez/linenoise)

```
Copyright (C) 2022-2025 Nagisa Sekiguchi <s dot nagisa dot xyz at gmail dot com>
Copyright (c) 2010-2014, Salvatore Sanfilippo <antirez at gmail dot com>
Copyright (c) 2010-2013, Pieter Noordhuis <pcnoordhuis at gmail dot com>

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

 *  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 *  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

## external/rapidhash/rapidhash.h

This file is distributed under the BSD 2-Clause
License (https://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php).
This is copied from [Nicoshev/rapidhash](https://github.com/Nicoshev/rapidhash)

### external/dragonbox/simple_dragonbox.h

This file is distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0 with LLVM
Exceptions (https://llvm.org/LICENSE.txt).
This is copied from [jk-jeon/dragonbox](https://github.com/jk-jeon/dragonbox)

## external/xxHash/xxhash.h

This file is distributed under the BSD 2-Clause
License (https://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php).
This is copied from [Cyan4973/xxHash](https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash)

## cmake/modules/DownloadProject.cmake, cmake/modules/DownloadProject.CMakeLists.cmake.in

These files are distributed under MIT License.
These are copied from [DownloadProject](https://github.com/Crascit/DownloadProject)

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Crascit

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
